.\" This manpage is copyright (C) 1998 Branden Robinson <branden@debian.org>.
.\"
.\" Updated for Conectiva by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@conectiva.com.br>.
.\" 
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with APT; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 
.\" 02111-1307 USA
.TH apt 8 "25 Oct 2000" "Debian GNU/Linux"
.SH NAME
apt \- Advanced Package Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B apt
.SH DESCRIPTION
APT is a management system for software packages.  It is still
under development; the snazzy front ends are not yet available.  In the
meantime, please see
.BR apt-get (8).
.SH OPTIONS
None.
.SH FILES
None.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR apt-cache (8),
.BR apt-get (8),
.BR sources.list (5)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
apt returns zero on normal operation, decimal 100 on error.
.SH BUGS
This manpage isn't even started.
.PP
See <http://www.debian.org/Bugs/db/pa/lapt.html>.  If you wish to report a
bug in
.BR apt ,
please see
.I /usr/doc/debian/bug-reporting.txt
or the
.BR bug (1)
command. If you are using apt on a RPM based
system, please use http://distro\&.conectiva\&.com\&.br/bugzilla/\&.

.SH AUTHOR
apt was written by the APT team <apt@packages\&.debian\&.org>
and updated for RPM based systems by
Conectiva S.A. <kojima@conectiva\&.com\&.br>
