.\" This manpage is copyright (C) 1998 Branden Robinson <branden@debian.org>.
.\"
.\" Updated for Conectiva by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@conectiva.com.br>.
.\" 
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with APT; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 
.\" 02111-1307 USA
.TH apt 8 "25 Oct 2000" "Debian GNU/Linux"
.SH NOME
apt \- Advanced Package Tool
.SH SINOPSE
.B apt
.SH DESCRIÇÃO
APT é um sistema de gerenciamento para pacotes de software, ainda em fase
de desenvolvimento; as partes sofisticadas do projeto ainda não estão 
disponíveis. Por enquanto,
favor consultar
.BR apt-get (8).
.SH OPÇÕES
Nenhum.
.SH ARQUIVOS
Nenhum.
.SH CONSULTE TAMBÉM
.BR apt-tache (8),
.BR apt-get (8),
.BR sources.list (5)
.SH DIAGNÓSTICOS
apt retorna a zero em operação normal, decimal 100 em erro.
.SH BUGS
Esta página de manual não nem iniciada.
.PP
Consulte <http://www.debian.org/Bugs/db/pa/lapt.html>. Se você deseja informar
sobre um bug no
.BR apt ,
favor consultar
.I /usr/doc/debian/bug-reporting.txt
or the
.BR bug (1)
comando. Se você estiver usando o apt em um sistema baseado em RPM, 
favor usar http://distro\&.conectiva\&.com\&.br/bugzilla/\&.

.SH AUTOR
apt foi escrito pela equipe APT <apt@packages\&.debian\&.org>
e atualizado para sistemas baseados em RPM pela
Conectiva S.A. <kojima@conectiva\&.com\&.br>
